everybody time i blanch fan here with
more bakugan defenders leak or free
battles so in the last free bow we took
on darkest Percival with hey oz notice
that we pulled off a slight victory
barely so for this rebalance the 103
vital wahoo nothing really special one
on here guys just another free battle if
I will play as with my favorite bags on
primo Vulcan and will face off against
aqua elfin I think was a request not
sure not sure if it was or not on
location will go to Japan trying to stay
away from the USA because I hole I've
held more free bells there in any other
place I'm trying to split up a little
bit here
all right let's do this
health and then get hit by that I'm
amazed there we go
always in paying attention that whoa
Alvin took a lot of damage there any
time we took advantage of that
oh my god
in deep by elfin hear this well no jizan
got ahead of me but still there we go oh
shoot I'll take my mine aren't charged
yet so I can't do anything about it
cool
all right round two
holy cheese
stood the whole fricking black born
there
you
cool
this game is over Oh clearly not yet
now it's going to be currently not yet
now it's oh oh come on stop delaying
your destruction here elfin
cool just barely survived that always
got away from it
didn't think I have this much trouble be
helped and with Vulcan my god
there we go jeez
took quite a bit just to beat elfin
especially with Vulcan
oh not too easy victories I guess you
could say so I'm not guys coming up next
is the game my third bo game walkthrough
yugioh 5ds duel transer non that guys
get the next row